**[Statement of Purpose]{.underline}**

As an undergraduate at UCD I asked Dr. Lauren Leitz, "What is a thought?" She replied, "an active set of neurons," which haunts me. Through self directed study I've come to understand thought as a self propagating stream of sensory predictions mediated by the cortico-basal ganglia-thalamic loop, the modulatory effects of monoamines, and layer specific activity of cortical columns. My academic motivation is to understand the processes giving rise to thought, and to this end my chosen subspecialty is perception, cognition & cognitive neuroscience.

My research interest is the pathogenesis and treatment of hallucinations, delusions, and affect dysregulation. When I began my studies I was motivated by curiosity. Working at a homeless shelter has helped me understand the tangible effects that untreated hallucinations and affective disorders can have on a person\'s life, underscoring the urgency for targeted interventions informed by accurate models. Understanding the mechanisms of these processes is of pressing humanitarian relevance, as countless people are suffering without promising treatment. I aspire to be a consultant to organizations serving individuals suffering from schizophrenia, or to work as an advisor or board member for humanitarian organizations.

While studying neuroscience during undergrad, courses such as neural mechanisms of behavior and comparative neuroanatomy helped me begin to understand how the brain creates behavior, but left more questions than answers. During my masters at Arizona State University I learned traditional psychological frameworks in courses such as cognitive science and psychopathology. A PhD will enable me to develop my understanding and contribute to an understanding of the causes of schizophrenia, and to use cutting edge knowledge of mental health conditions to help organizations develop psychologically informed environments and engage more compassionately with this population.
