I am writing to apply for the position of Evaluation Officer with Sierra Health Foundation. With a B.S. in Neuroscience from UC Davis, M.S. in Psychology from Arizona State University, and a certification in Python for Data Analysis from UC Davis CPE, I bring a strong academic foundation, with five years of hands-on evaluation, data systems, and partner-facing learning work in homeless services. I'm excited by Sierra Health Foundation's commitment to improving health outcomes and reducing disparities through equity-centered learning, evaluation, and strategic investment.

In my first year with First Step Communities, our COO asked me to identify any predictors of shelter outcomes, and it was discovered that clients who receive on site medical and mental health care exit into permanent housing at a higher rate. This information has been leveraged to bring medical and mental health care to all of our sites, ensuring that each of our clients has access to free clinical services.

Furthermore, I designed and implemented surveys for our clients, and facilitated focus groups where our companies COO and myself performed interviews with clients at each of our sites. Transcripts of the focus groups were recorded, and turned into a presentation for company leadership, where we had an open ended conversation on our clients experience inside the shelter. These conversations were transformed into policy recommendations to improve operations inside our shelter.

As an IT administrator for a large homeless-shelter operator in Sacramento, I have analyzed shelter performance using SPSS, Python, and Looker, and developed numerous automations within the Microsoft 365 environment using Power Automate. I have worked to determine which services are associated with improved outcomes and used these findings to expand on-site programs including medical and mental-health care, substance-abuse treatment, workforce development, and transportation services. The data I generated in this role has been used to strengthen RFP requests and bids for donations.

Thank you for considering my application. I look forward to the opportunity to contribute to your team.
